Schemas to find the data points in operations offered via an API.
Let's navigate back to the Maven POM file.
I mentioned this dependency, GraphQL Java tools.
This is a helper library that assists with parsing GraphQL schemas.
Behind the scenes, schema files found anywhere in the class path are process,
and the necessary beans are wired.
All schema files must end in the GraphQLS and can be present anywhere.
I've placed ours underneath the resources folder and I've created GraphQL.
We're looking at a sample locations schema.
There can only be one root query and one root mutation.
Each file will contain all of the query and mutation operations for the given type.
The location type here is defined along with all the queries and mutations.
Notice for the location,
the fields are tight.
So this is an id,
this is a string and address is also a string.
These types can be any scalar types; int,
flow, Boolean, ID, et cetera.
Now, this exclamation point here means the field is required,
and whenever you see a field in brackets like here we have location in brackets,
it represents an array.
Every complex type in the GraphQL server like
location is represented by a corresponding Java class or object.
So I've created this entity package and I've added the location entity to that package.
Notice in this location schema location here on lines one through five,
maps exactly to this location class.
And like with our RESTful API,
there is a location repository that gives us
the ability to interact with our H2 in memory database.
We can query, save,
delete and update locations.
In the real world,
you would have a service layer like we did in our RESTful API,
but since this is a simple use case, I've excluded it.
Now, let's look at the queries and mutations that I've added.